Update diff.md (#2002)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/diff.md

## Options

- `--targets <paths>` - limit command scope to these paths. When specifying

>   arguments for `--targets` before `revisions`, you should use `--` after this
>   option's arguments, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  arguments for `--targets` before `a_rev`/`b_rev`, you should use `--` after
  this option's arguments, e.g.:
```
